yes because both
is also great fun we are super
proud we enjoyed it so much
everything was really enjoying
so you know you are going to win
just german with a whole and then that
German then my young to the field on the
knees then it's real that's real
very nice
yes i have never seen such a competition
made by it was really after last 10
second times it really
I had thrown in the air she was
nobody can describe feeling
when that happens together it says so intense
the german he would want such a trigger
actually they share until the last room
made puke- led behind us and the
world and those teachers and beans
that only makes more of it
goddamn gonna really win we're going
really popping and yes that was it was more
if so yes we will finish you now and
you can really
n-va finds welt you hear the parents
the parents get to the gardens
cheer the over a it just
awesome
give you a kick on the field and brings on
also a bit of support with normal ones
moment that really penetrates you
European champion is just yes for that
us for the second time then
yes it was really just all the tension
which is then called it nicely built around
in right
worked really long for it, yes very
trained hard for it and yes it was
really very big discharge when it
finally cum last second was like that
you go see that time with your tap and
it's just when it comes to zero
then just so yes and was police
everyone counts and the audience is very important
joining groups of 10 th geraedts
whoever goes the cool like you a whole
played a part of the match
and we all did it stress
We sat down and entered a good one
high pressure and ultimately it is
as far as and
last second and then it is over there
just incredibly large and everything round
yeah sure it's ten
I got there fucking in the case of you there
ate it from the field too hard yes real
top team